Would you prefer this, a Tesla Model Y or a Mustang Mach-E?


This is a gorgeous vehicle! Well done to the design team!


I really hope that the ariya will sell good, I really like the ariya and I hope that it'll help nissan with it's financial problems


I remember when Nissan made the first leaf and I was so impressed with the build quality.  Sadly I couldn’t afford one and then further ev’s came out and I test drove the Tesla, Vauxhall’s Ampera, the Mini E and the eGolf, I then got into the position to buy an electric car and took the latest leaf for a drive and was so impressed with the new version and upgrades that I had to have one.
4000 miles later in my 2021 leaf and I’m loving it, Nissan really did a great job when it came to electric cars, it’s not perfect but I do love the comfort, speed, handling and all the extras.


OMG... Nissan... you've nailed the Exterior & Interior Design!!
Of course... with the entire lack of drivetrain... maximising that Front Centre Space for Driver & Front Passenger should be the way forward rather than shoving as many buttons, knobs & screens there as possible!! Really liked that wood brushed touch-panel!


Well I'll be damned. Nissan actually knocking it out of the park on the interior


Very good for a Nissan product, especially the interior...impressive.


Most impressive electric SUV so far, it just ticks all boxes, design is stunning and elegant. Very mature distinguished look.


I think, after jaguar  i pace  this is the car which has truly futuristic design. Kudos to Nissan design team.


I love it. So pleased it actually looks like the pictures from a while back, well done Nissan! Definitely a contender for my next, 3rd, EV next year.


Hope Nissan does well with this one. The more electric cars out there, the better it is for all of us. 
Wish the Ariya gives them some inspiration for a new Leaf. More competition to the ID.3 and (future) compact Tesla would be great!


Love the design, my personal favourite in its class 😍


Smart looking car, great review as always.


I love these videos and the way Rory presents the cars, it makes for a chill and relaxing video 😌👌


Definitely like it! I would choose the long range battery with FWD. I want the longest range possible.


I love the styling and it really looks good in white. This is at the top of my wish-list.


Overall it leaves a very good first impression in terms of size, power, range and design. Not sure about that second glove box, touch buttons and moving center console but let's see... Kudos to Nissan


This is my favorite electric car so far.


Great review of the Ariya.  I think that it will sell well like the Leaf.  I can't wait to see it on the road or to test drive it.


It looks so good, it might actually be my future EV


This may help bring Nissan and it's affiliates back from the dead.


Another great review by RR, one of the few motoring journalists who can connect seamlessly with their subject and the viewer. This is a good looking car (imho) in its own right rather than a derivative of an ICE model, and well done Nissan for providing a rear wiper but avoiding ridiculously large tablet control displays.


Top job Nissan. Slight concerns on efficiency though, with the high battery capacity, I would expect more range - when you consider what Tesla achieve in the 75 kWh Model Y


Love it. Can’t wait. Will buy one as soon as possible.


It's very interesting proposal from Nissan, the design it's just beautiful, and the interiors looks like a bit like the Honda E but even better.


I like it. Hits a nice sweet spot in the EV market for Nissan.


I think this is the most beautiful electric car aesthetically, both interior and exterior. The design is futuristic but not as a science experiment design, it's more of a conventional car of the future...


It looks really good to me with a very modern design


Can’t wait to drive this one! It will be best in all wheel drive, and should still be affordable!
Electric, here I Come..


Top, comprehensive review as always. Best channel by far.


I REALLY want an updated Murano.  This is more than the hybrid I was hoping for, maybe too much more.


I love it when the concept car reaches the market. Honda-e, Nissan Ariya, Tesla Cybertruck, design as yet to be confirmed.


I really like the look of the Ariya 😍

the price not so much.. 😬


Yay!😆 It has normal seats that you can put semi custom seat covers on and attach other accessories to it, like a hand bag holder, which also attaches the arm rest...which also seems to function in the standard way.
 It has a normal steering wheel to put bedazzled Crystal steering wheel covers on.😍 It has a fairly normal dash without a giant iPad looking thing stuck in the middle of it. And it has dedicated buttons with dedicated functions that allow you to use them without going through the infotainment center! AMAZING!😃 All it needs is a nob shifter that we can change to a crystal nob😍,  visible air vents so that we can clip decorations, decorative air fresheners and regular clip on air fresheners to it.  If it had that...plus 200-300 more milage, then it would be perfect. 😍😘😀


Looks superb. Think I may be in the queue when this is released.


Finally, production cars that look like concept cars.


Watched the Nissan announcement live last July and I really wanted it then! I currently drive a 2018 Nissan Leaf N-Connecta and I'm enjoying that! I had a test drive of a Tesla Model 3 and I wasn't a fan of that at all... too much of a faff to control everything from a screen! Just reaffirmed my want of this Ariya! Can't wait!


I love the interior, seen it before.


It’s not a bad looking car but the cost of the Ev’s coming out currently are steep


Just got our new Qashqai 1.3L petrol Automatic (DCT) 160HP and pro-pilot. I wouldn't have even thought about an electric but having seen this well, wow! I mean WOW! Thanks for the preview, good job in showing off the goodies. Respect


Small cars from way back always seemed to have more space in the front than much larger modern cars, the trend for "cockpit" style interiors just eats up available space (BMW take note).  Also, EV designers seem to have a problem with what to do with the front grill, most have opted for just a plastic looking front (always reminds me of a Reliant Scimitar, remember those?), or have a massive looking grill just like a petrol car (why?).
Ariya is just what I've been waiting for, breath of fresh air inside and out.


Really interesting. The ranges of these cars is slowly improving.


Hello bmw, this is how u should designed an electric suv


I just bought a 2020 Kia Stinger GT 6 months ago but I am so jealous of all these electric options coming out. What a time to be into cool cars!


It looks like Rory is interacting with a cgi image. It really really looks like a concept


A gorgeous car, inside and out 😻😻🔥.


Gorgeous car! Some of us may hate SUVs, but crossovers could be more pleasing, case in point the Nissan Ariya....


Actually prefer this to the current EVs from MB, Audi, Tesla (Model Y), Ford, etc (not to mention that hideous thing BMW is releasing later). Classy and futuristic in the right way, will definitely be very popular.


I like it but I feel it should be a bit quicker to 60mph for over 600 torque.
Does look very very nice though.


Love your reviews👍


For once Nissan makes a nice car (excluding GTR of course). That's a car i'll definitely consider once i'm on the market for a new one.


I have a Nissan Leaf 40kWh. Great car, though I know the battery system is now outdated. But it was the best buy imported s/h here in NZ. Nissan do make good cars, this looks promising, though I'm not really a fan of crossover styles of cars. It will also tow 1500kg which makes it a much more flexible vehicle for caravan and boat owners. I can imagine the larger battery 4 wd version as an excellent choice if your caravan needs are not excessive. Nissan do seem to have upped their game, after leaving the Leaf languishing. The charging needs for BEVs towing though is still not there, even in the very newest facilities, a major lack of foresight. 
I still have some doubts about Tesla, in regard to insurance, repairs and after sale service. But others may be able to say that those doubts are not real?


This is the best review I have seen of this car, great job


Looks like a great car.  However, although might be regarded as 'father of all (mainstream) crossovers', I think you'll find that left-field Subaru got there way earlier with their Forester/Outback range :-)


The Ariya 83 KW HR with AWD is on my list also Like the Mustang Mach-e both are really good looking SUVs.


For a C segment crossover (with D segment interior space) the boot isn’t that big. That’s the only downside for me, and although it’s a good looking car that makes me lean more towards the ID4 or Enyaq.


It would’ve been good to hear a little about the technical side of the car, I’m a leaf driver and I’d like to know about type of battery management system and speed of internet board charger etc


I got the Nissan Leaf in 5/2020 , my first EV and now I'm so interested in getting the Ariya


Would make a great daily driver. Especially if you live in or near to a big city where theres lots of traffic,even though its quick.


Best review of this car I've seen online. I've seen a few already


Lovely car such an improvement. Great presentation


The new 400Z, now this gorgeous Ariya, the new Xtrail thats coming next year - Nissan is killing it!


I am not a fan of that dash at all but the rest of the package is really compelling. Can't wait to see these on the road!


RIP Nissan’s competition (Subaru, Mazda and Honda)!!! This is an amazing car.


This could be a huge deal for Nissan. I hope that they can role it out without any issues.


Nissan really did it with this car. Hot damn!


A stunningly beautiful suv love it.👍🏻


Can't wait for this to get to the used car market so I can buy it...


I don't understand why in all your videos, as much as I like them, you always ask if the electric car you are reviewing will rival some other electric car. What makes you think it won't rival any ICE cars? Specifically this car will rival any family car, ICE or electric.


So undecided. Have a yr left on my 40kw leaf pcp. Tesla still bit too expensive with no sign of them coming down in price. This is probably the only other contender besides keeping or upgrading the leaf.


The only suv crossover I have ever even considered since the beginning of crossovers. Especially in white. Love it. Might be the replacement for my leaf in 2 year


It’s looks freaking gorgeous omg


I love the look of this car


The rear end is nice, but I would stretch out the front a little more. And to make sure that Nissan doesn't make some people sad, I would make 2 models for the same price. The Nissan Arya, and the Nissan Arya model L. Which stands for "Long"  because it would have a longer front.


love this car. i like the styling on the honda E the best, but its not quite what i need. this and id4 are both very nice. i love the japanese design touches, and i like their 10 years experience with BEV over VW. i hate the price, but im hoping that our new admin can put in some sort of tax credit. for 10 YEARS, ALL i ever hear is that the us tax credit for e cars is going away, so use it now. its never enough, and its just incredibly stupid to not make it huge and permanent. we need to transition to ALL new cars being BEV. period. mic drop. end of story. finland is at 56% i heard, with a good refund/credit. the us military is going green. i should be able to buy this car for LESS than an ICE. yes, thats government subsidy, but if we dont, we all die, and as long as they offer it to us companies that make BEV, its just common sense. i hear biden is IGNORING the job loss for all those horse carriage manufacturers, horse dung collectors, oat farmers, lead typesetters, steam engine manufacturers, court astrologers, bronze swordsmiths, stone adze craftsmen, and the people who keep fire going in reed and stick bundles. so sad, not caring for the working man.


This is my chance to get a Nissan without a CVT since they seem so intent on ruining all of their other cars with one.


I’m excited for the transition to electric cars


I always drive with one leg in the passenger side 🙄 🤣


Excited about the self driving feature. ........ I am seeing the cameras in the front and back , can we assume there is surround vision / Birds eye view ?


I've noticed at least 3 vehicles rethinking the purpose of the center console toward providing more legroom in the footwell.  Rivian, Hyundai Ionic, and Nissan Ariya.  Hopefully this trend will continue, as massive, full-length, space- hogging, center consoles are just plain stupid.


once this car is worth around 0,1 - 0,2 BTC I am jumping on it!!! I've been dreaming about it since they released it


I heard nothing of the price so far. It needs to be great/the best for they money. at $130k you can get a model x with the special gullwing doors, glass roof and a performance of 0-60 of less than 3.5s compared to this 5.1s. And the model x is bigger and better performing. And charges quicker. If it is a competitor for the model y, it needs to cost less, or it's pointless.


Made in Japan, superior fit and finish, great interior, no stupid iPad in the center, better looking than Tesla junk


I don't know if the GTR is a supercar killer or not. I do know it's a transmission killer.


please thank Nissan for not just making an electric Juke


I have owned a Nissan b4. Which lasted 14 years and one trip to mechanic shop for an alternator replacement. Very exited to check this car out when it comes to Canada.


The only problem I have with this car is that the rear windows don't go all the way down. They stop after about 2/3 the way down.


It definitely looks like a Lexus NX and UX's rearview (Hback).


I'm more curious about the latest-gen Soul. Not quite as sexy/powerful, but we really liked the first-gen Soul, and are waiting to see its successor here in the States.


new Nissan's here have propper buttons for sound, volume etc  and Aircon 
love it


Way nicer styling than a Tesla. I like the idea of two consoles.


You forgot Nissan’s original game changing car… the Fairlady 240Z!
Anyways, doesn’t matter what you call it, manufacturers gotta let go of the whole (fake)grill aesthetic.


Of the 3 models posed in this question, I prefer the Nissan.  Hands down


Looks like my Morano and I love it, since I love my Murano. I ll buy Ariya ~2027 though.


Want. Had a 2018 Leaf Tekna and loved it. But the Ariya is next level in all areas. Looks lovely in and out too. Can't wait to test drive.


Love your simplicity of telling al the info and your super pure English accent good job keep the super work


Thought I was sold on the Ioniq 5 but this could be a serious competitor.


Like it but want to know price and how it performs in real life! And when can they deliver? Late 2022?


Capacitive and touch screen buttons are bad enough for cabin functions, but for driving controls - unacceptable.


Concept word for Nissan in Japan is "やっちゃえ日産" I drive Serena Nismo and its awesome.


Looks great 😊


I saw a blue arya. It was probably the best looking suv I've ever seen


This is the top contender for my next vehicle


finally, the charge port on the correct side


Great review! Thanks!


Great now make a 1 tonne van with the Ariya running gear.


Nissan should enter this as part of an Extreme E team


The glove boxes seem so flimsy?!? But great design overall


I might need to buy some Nissan stock. I have a feeling of a coming Nissan renaissance after they go full electric on their lineup.


Great design, killing BMW and Audi


Not an SUV fan, but this does look really nice. Agree with others, the design and details are superb. Having leased a Leaf (40kw) I expect this will be a lovely car. The relaxing driving experience, and e-pedal in particular in the leaf was are excellent, so this should be even better.


AMG Eagle was the first crossover but the term did not take off until the Subaru Outback.  Both were long before the Qashqai.


My next car,thank you Nissan


I hope that motorized compartment/centre console doesn't break quickly...
It did in my uncle's new Chevy Tahoe


Exterior not fantastic. I think the Ioniq 5 has the upper hand in that department but the interior is awesome


Nissan Ariya really makes wanna buy it. Good job Nissan Corp


I hate capacitive buttons... You get in on a cold day and have to take your gloves off to turn the heater on. At least they've made them look better than in the new VW's.
The HUD is excellent. My 1990 240sx had a HUD, so I know Nissan can do it right.


Awesome review.


Imagine a future where automakers offer a "mechanical switch package" for 500 quid. Ppl be like, "yeah, my car has actual buttons in 2050"


Don't forget the most beautiful car ever made. The Juke.


Do they sell the Nissan Ariya in the USA ? I would love to own it 😂👍


Nice car, clever design elements. 
Greetings from Cumbria in the U.K. 
stay safe and well.


hope they can reduce the price a bit more but" ill still buy it or try.  lol great video ..


Love it!


